Privacy policy Ertebaat
Ertebaat app is the first facilitator app in Afghanistan.
Ertebaat app is the first developed app by a community of educated feminine & masculine gender that creates opportunities between customer, consumers and facilitators of goods & services. The idea of this app was found by a person who was looking for a doctor until 3 days he was searching unfortunately, he was not able to find the doctor and the patient left the world. User of the Ertebaat app is free for all over the world. But clients who register themselves has some requirement like personal detail from all categories of occupation fields such as below

Required personal detail of clients:
for registration to user’s whom can easily find them.
First name, last name, emails, photos, social networking, videos, location in google map (Central Office, Branch, factory, stock, Description), Numbers, Address, and full timetabled schedule of registered client due to their fields of work. That user can easily contact them and solve their requirement & problems. Which is equal to the slogan of the Ertebaat app.
1. Reduction in cost.
2. Easy and fast tracking desired places geolocation.
3. Reduction of traffic congestion & air pollution.
4. Facilities of direct contact between small and big business.
5. Location sharing.

User’s and client agreement disclosure!
All the user agreed to the terms of mentioned condition of the above personal details of client & users permit while using the Ertebaat app.

Terms and condition disclosure:
Ertebaat team respect their client’s personal data and assure them its kept save, Ertebaat application is developed by latest technology from being hacked or attacked by hackers and brings future latest technology for better service then the ever. In fact, by using Ertebaat service you would show your confession, all the service and broadcast would be depending to the Ertebaat policy service.

Collected client’s personal details:
Ertebaat application team is responsible for all the regsstered clients details entire the Ertebaat team is assure their clients all data is save won’t be leaked. Only Ertebaat application reach to those client’s data while registration required data. networking due to permission of the clients that would be shared regarding to the policy and slogan of the ERTEBAAT application. Due privacy policy of the Ertebaat application you are agreed to terms of condition policies. In case of disagreement you won’t be able to use the Ertebaat application service. Ertebaat team never ask, or shared personal details like, ethnic, political, religious, and non-sensitive data.

Plagiarism:
All the right of the app is depending to entire ERTEBAAT team, and copy pesters would be followed by low, Ertebaat team is always connected with the user & clients 24/7 and response for their service to solve & listen for clients to brings better facilities for future updates.
Links and contacts:
wWw.ertebaat.com
https://ertebaat.com/ertebaat.app
info@ertebaat.com

+93711895900
Feedbacks:
Any clients & user of the Ertebaat app is most welcome all over the world we would work not hard, but smart to bring better facilities to Ertebaat community.
